this is about well it's a hack fun hack
to create a logins system for peer Pat
okay so I can go here and change and
change your and change your your name
and it says justice charity so there is
no there's no authenticity to this data
so what would be fine we thought would
be to use meta mask to provide some type
of identity so mathematically for you
don't know but one can explain what what
it is yes so meta mask has two offers
two main properties the first one is
that it offers a gateway to the etherium
network so in a browser environment it
exposes an object which you can you can
use to like query the etherium network
like issue transactions like read the
set of the network but it also acts as a
a wallet for your etherium keys so even
without being connected to a theorem you
can sign and verify transaction
signatures and digital signatures as
well and madam asked also implements
some ways that you can sign messages so
what we thought is it would be cool to
use the meta mask account to sign the
ipfs ID which is what right now it's
being used to authenticate users on peer
pad just see they're not ID yeah so we
started by just signing the ipfs ID and
then sending that signature to the other
person alongside with the meta mask
address like the etherium address which
is a public key and then the other peer
can could verify that signature and say
that okay so this ipfs PID belongs to
this aetherium accounts then we took it
a step further which is well you can
actually use the etherium smart
contracts to prove some to to place like
some proof of personhood inside it so
you can point it to your Twitter
accounts within which you say hey this
is me here is my dream dress you can
probably like to Facebook account as
well you can point it like to your
social security card whatever like you
can fruit
any number of proofs of personhood
inside Miriam smart contract so from
then from there what we did was instead
of just signing the ipfs ID and sending
the ipfs ID to the other node signs we
sent the same signature but with the an
address of a smart contracts and then in
order to verify the message what the
node does is it goes to smart contracts
which has my public key my three mullet
key gets the key from there can also
query the smart contract to make sure
that I'm who I say I am and I'm taking
that he verifies the signature of the
ipfs ID and then this is like super
confuse which will will give it a better
look once you look at the smart contract
but like in the end of the day what
happens is you get the person's name
right there let's refresh huh let's
refresh oh yeah so cool so when we join
pure peds like the sign in right now
would be for you to sign a meta mask
message not sure why it's not requesting
me to do so wait it's just not there yet
mmm it's happening you know refresh yeah
let me see if it's okay so it's here so
right now it says that I am sending my
ipfs ID so I sign that whether did the
same right yep yeah so now our nodes are
querying the smart contract getting the
key and verifying the signature they are
also grabbing any proof of personhood
that might be in the smart contract and
in this case it's like a link to a
Twitter post which you can then open and
see that this is indeed mr. potato
potato and that's that's the the OH so
in this case it's like this would be the
link to your three mobile address in
this case we like use the wrong Twitter
link so it's pointing to an IP FS object
but in the same Twitter feed there's a a
three-room dress so what's happening
here in the smart contract is so for
every user you have a smart contract
like every smart contract response to
one identity and then you can query a
bunch of stuff from that right
so in this case I am using this one this
is the address of the smart contract we
are querying right now which is my smart
contract and you can get a bunch of
stuff from it so you can make sure that
it has not been revoked you can get the
nickname you can get the owner which is
this public key right here which
corresponds so it's like zero six four
eight one zero which corresponds to my
aetherium mobile address right here
because I created this smart contract
using this address and then from there
you take this key and you can verify the
signature on the other side yeah so
that's like that's that